SpartanNash Company distributes and retails grocery products. It operates in three segments: Food Distribution, Military, and Retail. The Food Distribution segment offers approximately 60,000 stock-keeping units, such as dry groceries, produce, dairy products, meat, delicatessen items, bakery goods, frozen food, seafood, floral products, general merchandise, beverages, tobacco products, pharmacy, and health and beauty care products to independent retail locations, food service distributors, and corporate-owned retail stores. This segment also offers value-added services to independent food distribution customers. The Military segment sells and distributes grocery products to military commissaries and exchanges located in 45 states across the United States and the District of Columbia, Europe, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Bahrain, and Egypt. The Retail segment operates retail stores in the Midwest and Great Lakes regions primarily under the banners of Family Fare Supermarkets, VG’s Food and Pharmacy, D&amp;W Fresh Markets, Sun Mart, and Family Fresh Market; and fuel centers primarily at its retail stores under the banners of Family Fare Quick Stop, D&amp;W Quick Stop, VG’s Quick Stop, Forest Hills Quick Stop, and Sun Mart Express Fuel. Its retail stores offer branded perishable food products, such as dry groceries, produce, dairy products, meat, delicatessen items, bakery goods, frozen food, seafood, floral products, general merchandise, beverages, tobacco products, health and beauty care products, and pharmacy services, as well as approximately 7,100 private brand items primarily under the Spartan and Our Family, Open Acres, Top Care, Tippy Toes, Full Circle, B-leve, PAWS Premium, and Valu Time names. As of December 31, 2016, this segment operated 157 retail stores; and 30 fuel centers. The company was formerly known as Spartan Stores, Inc. and changed its name to SpartanNash Company in May 2014. SpartanNash Company was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
