Civitas Solutions, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides home- and community-based health and human services to individuals with intellectual, developmental, physical, or behavioral disabilities and other needs in the United States. The company’s Human Services segment offers human services, including residential support, day habilitation, vocational, case management, crisis intervention, and hourly support care services; therapeutic foster care, family preservation, adoption, early intervention, school-based, and juvenile offender program services; and elder services, such as case management, nursing oversight, medication management, nutrition, daily living assistance, transportation, and therapeutic services. This segment provides its services for individuals with intellectual and/or developmental disabilities, youth with emotional, behavioral and/or medically complex challenges, or at-risk youth, and elders. It operates approximately 1,400 group homes and 150 intermediate care facilities for individuals with intellectual and/or developmental disabilities (ICFs-I/DD). The company’s Post-Acute Specialty Rehabilitation Services segment offers post-acute specialty rehabilitation services comprising neurorehabilitation, neurobehavioral rehabilitation, specialized nursing, supported living, outpatient treatment, and pre-vocational services, as well as physical, occupational, and speech therapies. This segment provides its services for individuals who have suffered acquired brain, spinal, and other catastrophic injuries and illnesses. The company serves governmental agencies, non-public payors, and not-for-profit organizations through group homes, ICFs-I/DDs, host homes, in-home and non-residential settings, educational settings, and specialized community facilities. The company was formerly known as NMH Holdings, Inc. Civitas Solutions, Inc. was founded in 1980 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts. Civitas Solutions, Inc. is a subsidiary of Vestar Capital Partners.
