SEACOR Holdings Inc. owns, operates, invests in, and markets equipment in the offshore oil and gas, shipping, and logistics industries worldwide. The company’s Offshore Marine Services segment operates support vessels to deliver cargo and personnel to offshore installations; provides field security services; handles anchors and mooring equipment; carries and launches remote operated vehicles; and provides tow rigs. This segment also provides accommodations for technicians and specialists, as well as standby safety support and emergency response services; and operates lift boats supporting well intervention, work-over, decommissioning, and diving operations, as well as operates vessels used to move personnel and supplies to offshore wind farms. Its Inland River Services segment operates river transportation equipment for moving agricultural and industrial commodities and containers, and petroleum products; operates and invests in multi-modal terminal facilities; and operates barge fleeting locations, service facilities, and transshipment terminal. The company’s Shipping Services segment owns product tankers for the United States coastwise trade of crude oil, petroleum, and chemical products, as well as provides harbor tugs servicing vessels docking; and offers liner and short-sea transportation services. This segment also engages in the terminal support and bunkering, and articulated tug and dry-bulk barge operations; and offers offshore tug and technical ship management services. Its Illinois Corn Processing segment produces alcohol; dried distillers grains with solubles; and non-food grade corn oil for feedstock in biodiesel production. The company’s Witt O’Brien’s segment provides resilience solutions for areas of critical infrastructure. Its Other segment engages in lending and leasing, and agricultural commodity trading and logistics activities; and providing industrial aviation services. The company was founded in 1989 and is based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
