DHI Group, Inc. provides specialized Websites focused on select professional communities in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Tech &amp; Clearance, Global Industry Group, and Healthcare. The company operates Dice that provides job postings of technology and non-technology companies for industries, such as positions for software engineers, big data professionals, systems administrators, database specialists, project managers, and other technology and engineering professionals; and ClearanceJobs, an Internet-based career network that matches security-cleared professionals with hiring companies searching for employees. It also offers eFinancialCareers, a financial services careers Website for financial services industry professionals from across various sectors, such as asset management, risk, investment banking, and information technology; Rigzone, a Website that delivers online content, data, and career services in the oil and gas industry; Hcareers, a Website for hospitality jobs in North America; and BioSpace, a resource for biotechnology careers, news, and resources in the area of life sciences. In addition, the company offers Health eCareers, a Website that provides career services across various disciplines and specialties in the healthcare industry, including physicians, nurses, and a range of allied health professions. Further, it operates WorkDigital, which focuses on the recruitment industry; and Targeted Job Fairs for technology, energy, and security-cleared professionals, as well as provides getTalent, a software as a service talent sourcing management and engagement tool. The company serves small, mid-sized, and large direct employers; staffing companies; recruiting agencies; consulting firms; and marketing departments of companies. The company was formerly known as Dice Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to DHI Group, Inc. in April 2015. DHI Group, Inc. was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
