Pinnacle Foods Inc. manufactures, markets, and distributes branded convenience food products in North America. It operates through four segments: Frozen, Grocery, Boulder, and Specialty. The Frozen segment offers frozen vegetables, frozen complete bagged meals, frozen prepared seafood, frozen and refrigerated bagels, frozen pizza, full-calorie single-serve frozen dinners and entrées, and frozen pancakes/waffles/French toast under the Birds Eye, Birds Eye Voila!, Birds Eye Signature Skillets, Van de Kamp&#x27;s, Mrs. Paul&#x27;s, Lender&#x27;s, Celeste, Hungry-Man, and Aunt Jemima brand names. The Grocery segment provides cake/brownie mixes and frostings, shelf-stable pickles, salad dressings, table syrups, refrigerated and shelf-stable spreads, canned meat, pie and pastry fillings, and barbecue sauces under the Duncan Hines, Vlasic, Wish-Bone, Western and Bernstein’s, Log Cabin, Mrs. Butterworth&#x27;s, Smart Balance, Armour, Brooks, Nalley, Duncan Hines Comstock, Wilderness, and Open Pit brands. The Boulder segment offers gluten-free products, natural frozen meal offerings, plant-based refrigerated and shelf-stable spreads, and plant-based protein frozen products under the Udi&#x27;s, Glutino, EVOL, Earth Balance, and gardein brands. The Specialty segment provides snack products under the Hawaiian kettle style chips, Tim’s Cascade, Snyder of Berlin, and Husman’s brand names; and manufactures and distributes products primarily in the frozen breakfast, gluten-free, frozen meat substitutes, canned meat, and pie and pastry fruit filling categories, as well as engages in food service and private label businesses. The company sells its products through supermarkets, grocery wholesalers and distributors, mass merchandisers, super centers, convenience stores, dollar stores, natural and organic food stores, drug stores, and warehouse clubs in the United States and Canada, as well as in military channels and foodservice locations. Pinnacle Foods Inc. is headquartered in Mountain Lakes, New Jersey.
