Peoples Financial Services Corp. operates as the bank holding company for Peoples Security Bank and Trust Company that provides financial services. The company accepts money market, NOW, savings, individual retirement, and demand deposit accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. Its loan products include residential real estate, automobile, manufactured housing, personal, student, home equity, and credit card loans; and commercial real estate, working capital, construction, small business administration, and agricultural loans, as well as loans for equipment and other commercial needs, and mineral rights. The company also offers investment management, IRA trustee, estate administration, living and life insurance trusts, trustee under will, guardianship, custodial/IRA custodial, corporate trusts, and pension and profit sharing plans. In addition, it provides investment portfolio management, estate and business succession planning, annuities, insurances, education funding strategies, and tax planning; and securities and brokerage, as well as investment advisory services. Further, the company offers small business checking accounts, merchant money market accounts, online and telephone banking, business credit cards, merchant line of credit, business profitability and peer analysis, and financial checkup. Additionally, it provides remote deposit capture, automatic clearing house transactions, cash management, automated teller machines, point of sale transactions, safe deposit boxes, night depository, and direct deposit, and official check services. The company serves business, non-profits, governmental, municipal agencies, and professional customers; and retail customers through 25 full-service community banking offices located in Lackawanna, Lehigh, Luzerne, Monroe, Montgomery, Susquehanna, Wayne, and Wyoming Counties of Pennsylvania; and Broome County of New York. Peoples Financial Services Corp. was founded in 1905 and is headquartered in Scranton, Pennsylvania.
