The Procter &amp; Gamble Company provides branded consumer packaged goods to consumers in North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, India, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. The company’s Beauty segment offers hair care products comprising conditioners, shampoos, styling aids, and treatments; and antiperspirants and deodorants, personal cleansing, and skin care products. This segment markets its products under the Head &amp; Shoulders, Olay, Pantene, Rejoice, Old Spice, Safeguard, and SK-II brands. Its Grooming segment provides blades and razors, pre- and post-shave products, and other shave care products, as well as appliances under the Braun, Fusion, Gillette, Mach3, Prestobarba, and Venus brands. The company’s Health Care segment offers toothbrushes, toothpaste, and other oral care products; and gastrointestinal, rapid diagnostics, respiratory, vitamins/minerals/supplements, and other healthcare products under the Oral-B, Crest, Prilosec, Vicks, Metamucil, Pepto Bismol, and Align brands. Its Fabric &amp; Home Care segment provides fabric care products, including fabric enhancers, laundry additives, and laundry detergents; and home care products comprising air care, dish care, P&amp;G professional, and surface care products under the Tide, Ariel, Downy, Gain, Cascade, Dawn, Febreze, Mr. Clean, and Swiffer brands. The company’s Baby, Feminine &amp; Family Care segment offers baby care products, such as baby wipes, diapers, and pants; adult incontinence and feminine care products; and family care products, such as paper towels, tissues, and toilet papers. This segment markets its products under the Pampers, Always, Bounty, Charmin, Luvs, and Tampax brands. The company sells its products through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores, and pharmacies. The Procter &amp; Gamble Company was founded in 1837 and is based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
