A. Schulman, Inc. manufactures and supplies plastic compounds and resins. It offers custom performance colors, including standard and customized colors, organic and inorganic pigments, high chroma colors in translucent or opaque formats, and special effects. The company also provides engineered composites, such as thermoset bulk, sheet, and thick molding compounds, as well as high performance engineered structural composite solutions for original equipment manufacturers and custom molders. In addition, it offers concentrates to enhance the performance, appearance, and processing of plastics for intended applications; additive solutions, such as antibacterial, flame retardant, ultra-violet (UV), anti-fog, anti-static, barrier, and antioxidant products to enhance performance and processing properties; application solutions that minimize the use of plastics; and solutions for agriculture films. Further, the company provides polymer solutions, which provide structural integrity; multi-component blends that include polyolefins, nylons, polyesters and elastomers, and others; and formulating know-how with fiber reinforcements, such as glass and carbon, nano-reinforcements, flame retardants, impact modifiers, and UV stabilization. Additionally, it offers size reduction services; specialty powders for rotational molding, oil and gas, sports and leisure, and other markets; jet milling services used for products requiring fine particle size; and cryogenic milling services. The company buys, repackages, and resells polymers for processing types, such as injection molding, blow molding, thermoforming, and film and sheet extruding. It serves packaging, mobility, building and construction, electronics and electrical, agriculture, personal care and hygiene, custom services, sports, home, and leisure markets in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the United States, Canada, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific. A. Schulman, Inc. was founded in 1928 and is headquartered in Fairlawn, Ohio.
