Skechers U.S.A., Inc. designs, develops, markets, and distributes footwear for men, women, and children; and performance footwear for men and women under the Skechers GO brand worldwide. It operates through three segments: Domestic Wholesale Sales, International Wholesale Sales, and Retail Sales. The company offers casual boots, shoes, and sandals for men; oxfords and slip-ons, lug outsole and fashion boots, and casual sandals for women; dress casuals, seasonal sandals and boots, classic and wide fit, and relaxed fit casuals for men and women; and casual fusion line for young men and women under the Skechers USA brand. It also provides lightweight sport athletic lifestyle products, classic athletic-inspired styles, and sport sandals and boots under the Skechers Sport brand name; casual and sporty styles sneakers under the Skechers Active and Skechers Sport Active brand; and sports line under Skechers Originals brand. In addition, the company offers classic espadrille, and vulcanized and sport footwear under the BOBS from Skechers name; casual, dress, and active styles, as well as casual sneakers for men under the Mark Nason name; technical footwear under the Skechers Performance brand; and boots, shoes, high-tops, sneakers, and sandals for infants, toddlers, boys, and girls under the Skechers Kids name. Further, it provides men’s and women’s casuals, such as field boots, hikers, and athletic shoes under the Skechers Work brand. The company sells its products through department and specialty stores, athletic and independent retailers, boutiques, and Internet retailers, as well as through its e-commerce Websites and own retail stores. As of February 1, 2017, it owned and operated 117 concept stores, 163 factory outlet stores, and 134 warehouse outlet stores in the United States; and 101 concept stores, 51 factory outlet stores, and 5 warehouse outlet stores internationally. Skechers U.S.A., Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Manhattan Beach, California.
