Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. manufactures, markets, and/or distributes consumer products worldwide. It operates through five segments: Global Batteries &amp; Appliances, Hardware &amp; Home Improvement, Global Pet Supplies, Home and Garden, and Global Auto Care. The company offers batteries; battery-powered portable lighting products; small kitchen and home appliances; personal care products; hinges; security, garage door, and window hardware products; floor protection products; residential lockset and door hardware products; commercial door, lock, and hardware products; and plumbing products. It also provides dog, cat, and small animal food and treats; clean-up and training aid products and accessories; pet health and grooming products; aquariums; and aquatic health supplies. In addition, the company offers outdoor insect and weed control solutions; household insecticides and pest controls; personal use pesticides, and insect and animal repellents; automotive aftermarket appearance products; performance chemicals; and do-it-yourself air conditioner rechargers. It sells its products under the Rayovac, VARTA, Black &amp; Decker, George Foreman, Russell Hobbs, Juiceman, Breadman, Farberware, Toastmaster, Remington, National Hardware, Stanley, FANAL, Kwikset, Weiser, Baldwin, EZSET, Tell, Pfister, 8-in-1, Dingo, Nature&#x27;s Miracle, Wild Harvest, Littermaid, Jungle, Excel, FURminator, IAMS, Eukanuba, Healthy-Hide, ProSense, Perfect Coat, eCOTRITION, Birdola, Digest-eeze, Tetra, Marineland, Whisper, Instant Ocean, Spectracide, Garden Safe, Liquid Fence, EcoLogic, Hot Shot, Black Flag, Real Kill, Ultra Kill, The Ant Trap, Rid-a-Bug, Cutter, Repel, Armor All, STP, and A/C PRO brands through retailers, wholesalers and distributors, original equipment manufacturers, construction companies, and hearing aid professionals. The company was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Middleton, Wisconsin. Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of HRG Group, Inc.
