Brunswick Corp. designs, manufactures and markets recreation products, including marine engines, boats, fitness equipment and active recreation products. It operates through the following segments: Marine Engine, Boat and Fitness. The Marine Engine segment manufactures and markets outboard, sterndrive and inboard engine and propulsion systems under the Mercury, Mercury MerCruiser, Mariner, Mercury Racing, Mercury Sport Jet, Mercury Jet Drive, Mercury Diesel, Sea Pro, Axius and Zeus brand names. This segment manufactures and markets marine parts and accessories under the Quicksilver, Mercury Precision Parts, Mercury Propellers, Attwood, Garelick, Whale, Land &#x27;N&#x27; Sea, Kellogg Marine Supply, Payne&#x27;s Marine Group, BLA, Seachoice and MotorGuide brand names, including marine electronics and control integration systems, steering systems, instruments, controls, propellers, trolling motors, fuel systems, service parts and lubricants. The Boat segment manufactures and markets fiberglass pleasure boats; yachts and sport yachts; sport cruisers and sport boats; offshore fishing boats; aluminum and fiberglass fishing boats; pontoon boats; utility boats; deck boats; inflatable boats; and heavy-gauge aluminum boats. This segment brands includes Sea Ray L-Class yachts, yachts, sport yachts, sport cruisers and sport boats; Bayliner sport cruisers, runabouts and Heyday wake boats; Meridian yachts; Boston Whaler and Lund fiberglass fishing boats; Crestliner, Cypress Cay, Harris, Lowe, Lund and Princecraft aluminum fishing, utility, pontoon boats and deck boats; and Thunder Jet heavy-gauge aluminum boats. The Fitness segment designs, manufactures and markets fitness equipment, including treadmills, total body cross-trainers, stair climbers and stationary exercise bicycles and strength-training equipment under the Life Fitness, Hammer Strength, Cybex, Indoor Cycling Group and SCIFIT brands. This segment also includes inmovement products for productive well-being and its active recreation business, including billiards tables, accessories and game room furniture. The company was founded by John Brunswick in 1845 and is headquartered in Lake Forest, IL.
