Hologic, Inc. engages in the development, manufacture and supply diagnostics products, medical imaging systems and surgical products dedicated to serve the healthcare needs of women. The company operates through four business segments: Breast Health, Diagnostics, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. The Breast Health segment products include a broad portfolio of breast imaging and related products and accessories, including digital and film-based mammography systems, magnetic resonance imaging, breast coils, computer-aided detection for mammography and MRI, minimally invasive breast biopsy devices, breast biopsy site markers, breast biopsy guidance systems, breast imaging comfort pads, and breast brachytherapy products. It has also developed a new breast imaging platform, Dimensions, which utilizes a new technology, tomosynthesis, to produce three dimensional images, as well as conventional two dimensional full field digital mammography images. The Diagnostics segment products include the ThinPrep system, which is primarily used in cytology applications such as cervical cancer screening, the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test, which assists physicians in assessing the risk of pre-term birth, and its molecular diagnostic reagents used for a variety of DNA and RNA analysis applications based on its proprietary Invader chemistry. Its current molecular diagnostic offerings based upon this Invader chemistry include Cervista HPV high risk and Cervista HPV 16/18 products to assist in the diagnosis of human papillomavirus, as well as other products to diagnose cystic fibrosis, cardiovascular risk and other diseases. The GYN Surgical segment products include the NovaSure Endometrial Ablation System and the MyoSure Hysteroscopic Tissue Removal System. The MyoSure system is a tissue removal device that is designed to provide incision-less removal of fibroids and polyps within the uterus. The Skeletal Health segment products include dual-energy X-ray bone densitometry systems, an ultrasound-based osteoporosis assessment product, and Fluoroscan mini C-arm imaging products. The company was founded by S. David Ellenbogen and Jay A. Stein in October, 1985 and is headquartered in Bedford, MA.
