Icahn Enterprises LP operates as holding company. It operates through following business segments: Investment, Automotive, Energy, Gaming, Railcar, Food Packaging, Metals, Real Estate and Home Fashion. The Investment segment is comprised of various private investment funds, including Icahn Partners LP, Icahn Partners Master Fund LP, Icahn Partners Master Fund II LP and Icahn Partners Master Fund III LP. The Automotive segment holds ownership in Federal-Mogul Corp., which is a supplier to the automotive, aerospace, energy, heavy duty truck, industrial, marine, power generation and railway industries. The Energy segment holds ownership in CVR Energy, Inc., which owns majority interests in two separate operating subsidiaries, CVR Refining, LP and CVR Partners, LP. The Gaming segment holds ownership in Tropicana Entertainment Inc., which owns and operates a diversified, multi-jurisdictional collection of casino gaming properties. The Railcar segment holds ownership in American Railcar Industries Inc., which is a manufacturer of hopper and tank railcars. It provides fleet management, maintenance, engineering and field services. The American Railcar Industries services include maintenance planning, project management, tracking and tracing, regulatory compliance, mileage audit, rolling stock taxes and online service access. The Food Packaging segment holds ownership in Viskase Cos., Inc., which is engaged in production and sale of cellulosic, fibrous and plastic casings for the processed meat and poultry industry. The Metals segment operates through company indirect wholly owned subsidiary, PSC Metals, Inc., which is a one of the independent metal recycling companies in the U.S. and collects industrial and obsolete scrap metal, processes it into reusable forms and supplies the recycled metals to its customers including electric-arc furnace mills, integrated steel mills, foundries, secondary smelters and metals brokers. The Real Estate segment consists of rental real estate, property development and resort activities. The Home Fashion segment operates through company indirect wholly owned subsidiary WestPoint Home LLC, which a manufacturer and distributor of home fashion consumer products. The company was founded on February 17, 1987 and is headquartered in New York, NY.
