John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc. engages in the provision of content-enabled solutions to improve outcomes in research, education and professional practice with online tools, journals, books, databases, reference works and laboratory protocols. Its businesses produce scientific, technical, medical and scholarly research journals, reference works, books, database services, and advertising; professional books and certification, assessment and training services; and education content and services including online program management for colleges and universities and integrated online teaching and learning resources for instructors and students. It operates through the following segments: Research, Professional Development, Education and Shared Services. The Research segment serves the world&#x27;s research and scholarly communities and is the largest publisher for professional and scholarly societies. Its products include scientific, technical, medical and scholarly research journals, books, major reference works, databases, clinical decision support tools and laboratory manuals and workflow tools, in the publishing areas of the physical sciences and engineering, health sciences, social science and humanities and life sciences. The Professional Development segment acquires, develops and publishes professional books, subscription products, certification and training services and online applications in the areas of business, finance, accounting, workplace learning, management, leadership, technology, behavioral health, engineering/architecture and education. The Education segment produces education content and services including online program management for colleges and universities and integrated online teaching and learning resources for instructors and students. The Shared Services reports financial data for shared service functions, which are centrally managed for the benefit of the three global businesses, including distribution, technology services, occupancy and other administration support. The company was founded by Charles Wiley in 1807 and is headquartered in Hoboken, NJ.
