Kelly Services, Inc. provides workforce solutions to a diversified group of customers in three regions: the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific. The companys operations are divided into seven principal business segments: Americas Commercial, Americas Professional and Technical, EMEA Commercial, EMEA Professional and Technical, APAC Commercial, APAC Professional and Technical and Outsourcing and Consulting Group. The Americas Commercial segment specialties include office, contact center, marketing, electronic assembly, and light industrial services. The Americas Professional and Technical segment includes a number of industry-specific specialty services in the areas of science, engineering, information technology, creative services, finance and accounting, government, healthcare, and law. The EMEA Commercial segment provides staffing services including office, contact center and its temporary-to-hire service. It also provides other services in areas, which include catering and hospitality and industrial. The EMEA Professional and Technical segment provides various services including engineering, finance and accounting, healthcare, IT and science. The APAC Commercial segment offers a similar range of commercial staffing services as of Americas and EMEA Commercial segments, through staffing solutions, which include permanent placement, temporary staffing and temporary to full-time staffing. The APAC Professional and Technical segment provides many of the same services as of Americas and EMEA Professional and Technical segments, including engineering, IT and science. The Outsourcing and Consulting Group segment delivers integrated talent management solutions to meet customer needs across multiple regions, skill sets and the entire spectrum of human resources. It services include contingent workforce outsourcing, business process outsourcing, recruitment process outsourcing, independent contractor solutions, payroll process outsourcing, career transition &amp; organizational effectiveness, and executive search. Kelly Services was founded by William Russell Kelly on October 7, 1946 and is headquartered in Troy, MI.
