M&amp;T Bank Corp. operates as a bank holding company. The company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, M&amp;T Bank and Wilmington Trust NA, offers a wide range of retail and commercial banking, trust, wealth management and investment services to their customers. It offers a broad range of financial services to a diverse base of consumers, businesses, professional clients, governmental entities and financial institutions located in its markets. The company operates through following segments: Business Banking, Commercial Banking, Commercial Real Estate, Discretionary Portfolio, Residential Mortgage Banking and Retail Banking. The Business Banking segment provides a wide range of services to small businesses and professionals through the company&#x27;s branch network, business banking centers and other delivery channels such as telephone banking, Internet banking and automated teller machines within markets served by the company. Its services and products include various business loans and leases, including loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration, business credit cards, deposit products, and financial services such as cash management, payroll and direct deposit, merchant credit card and letters of credit. The Commercial Banking segment provides a wide range of credit products and banking services for middle-market and large commercial customers. Its services include commercial lending and leasing, letters of credit, deposit products, and cash management services. The Commercial Real Estate segment provides credit and deposit services to its customers. The Discretionary Portfolio segment includes investment and trading securities, residential mortgage loans and other assets, short-term and long-term borrowed funds, brokered certificates of deposit and interest rate swap agreements related thereto, and Cayman Islands branch deposits. It also provides foreign exchange services to customers. The Residential Mortgage Banking segment originates and services residential mortgage loans and sells substantially all of those loans in the secondary market to investors. The Retail Banking segment offers a variety of services to consumers through several delivery channels which include branch offices, automated teller machines, telephone banking and Internet banking. The company was founded in November 1969 and is headquartered in Buffalo, NY.
