SunTrust Banks, Inc. is a bank and financial holding company that engages in the provision of financial services. It offers deposit, credit, mortgage banking, trust and investment, asset management, securities brokerage, and capital market services. The company operates through the following segments: Consumer Banking and Private Wealth Management, Wholesale Banking and Mortgage. The Consumer Banking, and Private Wealth Management segment consists of three primary businesses: Consumer Banking, Consumer Lending and Private Wealth Management. The Consumer Banking business provides services to consumers and branch-managed small business clients through an extensive network of traditional and in-store branches, ATMs, the internet, mobile banking, and by telephone. The Consumer Lending offers an array of lending products to consumers and small business clients via the Company&#x27;s Consumer Banking and Private Wealth Management businesses, through the internet. The Private Wealth Management business provides a full array of wealth management products and professional services to both individual and institutional clients including loans, deposits, brokerage, professional investment management, and trust services to clients seeking active management of their financial resources. The Wholesale Banking segment includes five businesses: Corporate and Investment Banking, Commercial and Business Banking, Commercial Real Estate, RidgeWorth, and Treasury and Payment Solutions. The Corporate and Investment Banking business delivers comprehensive capital markets, corporate, and investment banking solutions including advisory, capital rising, and financial risk management. The Commercial and Business Banking offers traditional banking products and investment banking services. The Commercial Real Estate business provides financial solutions for commercial real estate developers, owners, and investors including construction, mini-perm, permanent real estate financing, tailored financing, and equity investment solutions. The RidgeWorth business operates as an investment advisor and holding company with ownership in other institutional asset management boutiques offering an array of equity and fixed income capabilities. The Treasury and Payment Solutions business provides the company&#x27;s business clients with services required to manage their payments and receipts including card, wire transfer, automated clearing house, check, and cash. The Mortgage Banking segment offers residential mortgage products nationally through its retail and correspondent channels. The company was founded in July 12, 1984 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA.
