Teleflex, Inc. provides medical technology products which enables healthcare providers to improve patient outcomes and enhance patient and provider safety. The company designs, develops, manufactures and supplies single-use medical devices used by hospitals and healthcare providers for common diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in critical care and surgical applications. The company operates through the following business segments: Vascular North America, Anesthesia North America, Surgical North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia and Original Equipment Manufacturer. The Vascular North America segment products facilitate a variety of critical care therapies, including the administration of intravenous medications and other therapies and the measurement of blood pressure and taking of blood samples through a single puncture site. The Anesthesia North America segment provides products for clinicians working primarily in emergency rooms, surgery and critical care settings. The Surgical North America segment products are predominantly comprised of single-use products, including ligation clips and closure products; appliers and sutures used in a variety of surgical procedures; access ports used in minimally invasive laparoscopic surgical procedures, including robotic surgery, and fluid management products used for chest drainage. The Europe, Middle East and Africa segment designs, manufactures and distributes medical devices primarily used in critical care, surgical applications and cardiac care and generally serves two end markets: hospitals and healthcare providers, and home health. The Asia segment, designs, manufactures and distributes medical devices primarily used in critical care, surgical applications and cardiac care and generally serves hospitals and healthcare providers. The Original Equipment Manufacturer segment designs, manufactures and supplies devices and instruments for other medical device manufacturers. Teleflex was founded in 1943 and is headquartered in Wayne, PA.
