BB&amp;T Corp. operates as a holding company for Branch Banking &amp; Trust Co. It conducts its business operations primarily through its commercial bank subsidiary, Branch Bank, and other non-bank subsidiaries. The company operates through the following segments: Community Banking, Residential Mortgage Banking, Dealer Financial Services, Specialized Lending, Insurance Holdings, Financial Services and Other, Treasury and Corporate. The Community Banking segment serves individual and business clients by offering a variety of loan and deposit products and other financial services. It is also responsible for serving client relationships. The Residential Mortgage Banking segment retains and services mortgage loans originated by the banking network as well as those purchased from various correspondent originators. Its Mortgage loan products include fixed and adjustable rate government and conventional loans for the purpose of constructing, purchasing or refinancing residential properties. The Dealer Financial Services segment originates loans to consumers for the purchase of automobiles, boats and recreational vehicles. The Specialized Lending segment includes commercial finance, which manages asset-based working capital financing, supply chain financing, export-import finance, accounts receivable management, credit enhancement and mortgage warehouse lending; and governmental finance, which provides tax-exempt financing to meet the capital project needs of local governments. The Insurance Holdings segment offers property and casualty, employee benefits and life insurance to businesses and individuals, as well as surety coverage and title insurance to small businesses. The Financial Services segment provides personal trust administration, estate planning, investment counseling, wealth management, asset management, employee benefits services, corporate banking and corporate trust services to individuals, corporations, institutions, foundations and government entities. It also offers clients investment alternatives, including discount brokerage services, equities, fixed-rate and variable-rate annuities, mutual funds and governmental and municipal bonds. The Other, Treasury and Corporate includes housing investments. BB&amp;T was founded by Alpheus Branch in 1872 and is headquartered in Winston-Salem, NC.
