CoBiz Financial, Inc. operates as a diversified financial services company. It operates through the following business segments: Commercial Banking, Fee-Based Lines and Corporate Support &amp; Other. The Commercial Banking segment consists of the operations of Colorado Business Bank and Arizona Business Bank, which offers real estate banking, private banking, interest-rate hedging, depository products and treasury management. The Fee-Based Lines segment divided into three segments those are Investment, Wealth Management and Insurance. The Investment Banking segment consists of the operations of Green Manning &amp; Bunch, which provides middle-market companies with merger and acquisition advisory services, institutional private placements of debt and equity, and other strategic financial advisory services. The Wealth Management segment consists of the operations of CoBiz Investment Management, LLC. and CoBiz Trust and Financial Designs Ltd., which offers customized client investment policy, proprietary bond and equity offerings, tailored asset allocation strategies, trust administration, estate and business succession planning, carefully vetted investment options utilizing external managers, investment management, estate settlements, financial planning and family office services. The Insurance segment consists of the operations of CoBiz Insurance, Inc. and Financial Designs Ltd., which offers employee benefits and retirement planning, executive compensation and benefits planning, individual benefits, commercial lines, professional lines, private client and risk management services. The Corporate Support &amp; Other segment is composed of activities of the parent company; non-production, back-office support operations; and eliminating transactions in consolidation. The non-production, back-office operations include human resources, accounting and finance, information technology, and loan and deposit operations. CoBiz Financial was founded on February 19, 1980 and is headquartered in Denver, CO.
